Once upon a time, there lived a boy named Banny Bevy. Banny appeared to live a
normal life in the city of Badison, Bisconsin. He owned a small restaurant
Bian's Pizza, which sold wild flavors of pizza to Badison's intoxicated youth.
But Banny had a secret: he was a magician. Since magic was illegal in Badison,
Banny had to live a secret life. But all of that changed on March 13, 2020:
Friday the 13th.

The city’s decision to make magic legal but regulated stumbled Banny,
‘is this a good thing or a bad thing? Should I publicize my magic or keep it a secret? What
if my magic business is more profitable than this Pizza business? Should I combine two?
What if it all gets worse?’
A drunk youth entered Bian’s Pizza, and asks Banny “what is today’s secret topping?”
“hum today’s secret topping is a special sauce, hum sorry I forgot what it was. Let me check,”
Banny replies.

He went into the back room where he kept all his exotic pizza ingredients.
He turned on the light and froze. Standing in front of Banny was a massive gopher.
The gopher was holding the last jar of Banny's special sauce!
Before Banny could do anything the gopher scurried out the back door.
Thinking quickly Banny cast a speed spell on his feet so he could chase after the gopher.
This was well outside the city of Badison's ruling for responsible magic use,
but he needed that sauce back!

He scrambed after the gopher as it darted out of the door with the sauce. As he crossed the
threshold, he took in the sight around him. It was a normal Friday night in Badison.
Students of the nearby buniversity wandered to and fro with no clear route of travel. He
quickly scanned Buniverisity Avenue and saw the gopher running across the street. The traffic
light was about to turn green, and cars were quickly approaching. He only had seconds to cross!

Banny used his super speed to cross the road just before the cars and busses began to go. He
heard the sound of people gasping and saw people taking their phones out to take a video, 
but nothing was more important than the secret sauce. He followed the gopher around Badison
for miles! They went past the bapitol, over lake Bendota, and finally, Banny caught the beast
at Bicnic Boint. But by this point Banny could hear the polic sirens because he was now a
criminal. As he was holding the gopher in his hand, the police came and said, "You're under
arrest... for being a gopher!" And the gopher was taken away in the cop car. If there was 
one thing Badisonians hated more than a magician it was a gopher!
